June coworking and May placeholder (#1006)
ropensci/roweb3: content/events/2025-06-03-coworking-2025-06.md

---

> title: Social Coworking and Office Hours - Getting to know DSLC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Social Coworking and Office Hours - Getting to know the DSLC
```

dateStart: 2025-06-03T12:00:00 # UTC!!
dateEnd: 2025-06-03T14:00:00 # UTC!!
date: 2025-06-03T14:00:00 # UTC!! same as dateEnd
description: Get to know the Data Science Learning Community, chat, ask questions or work on something you need to get done!
coworking: true
location: 'online' # free text
slug: "coworking-2025-06"
country: "🌐" # emoji
ropensci: yes
outputs:
  - HTML
  - Calendar
attendees:
  - Jon Harmon
  - Steffi LaZerte
author:
  - Jon Harmon
deets: |
    Meeting ID: 913 2825 6625
    Passcode: 512767
zoomurl: https://zoom.us/j/91328256625?pwd=WGVDdWpGdnhWWTFvZkZVTkNzWElNQT09
---

<!--
```{r}
d <- lubridate::ymd_hms('2025-06-03 14:00:00', tz = 'Europe/Paris')
lubridate::with_tz(d, 'UTC')
lubridate::with_tz(d, 'America/Winnipeg')
```
-->

**Join us for 2 hours Tuesday June 03, 14:00 European Central (12:00 UTC) for 
[Social Coworking + Office Hours](/blog/2023/06/21/coworking/)**

> This month we're focusing on the theme **Getting to know DSLC** 
> with community host **Jon Harmon**. Jon is an rOpenSci package maintainer, Data Scientist,
> and the Executive Director for the Data Science Learning Community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This month we're focusing on the theme **Getting to know the DSLC** 
with community host **Jon Harmon**. Jon is an rOpenSci package maintainer, R/shiny software engineer,
and the Executive Director of the Data Science Learning Community.
```
